# CS-370-Current-Emerging-Technologies
On Project 2, I was supplied a neural network model as a foundation as well as a grid-based game environment containing a goal, obstacles, and free spaces. The neural network was to control an agent, the Pirate, in navigating the environment through pathfinding. The Pirate could choose between the actions up, down, left, or right and was rewarded -0.04 pts for stepping on a free space, -0.75 for touching an obstacle, and -0.8 for leaving the grid world boundaries. There was also code supplied to handle the creation and access of a Q-table for training data. The actual code for training the model and allowing it to learn about and navigate the environment was not completed, allowing me to create my own implementation of these mechanisms. I wrote an implementation where episodes were used for each epoch, with as many episodes as it took before the pirate either won or lost a round, and where the training technique scaled with the accessibility of data from exploring the environment. 

Computer scientists not only write code or scripts, or interface with computers, but more importantly discover how to use computers to solve problems. It is through computer science that we will exceed the limitations of individual human knowledge and imagination. Computer science so far has largely allowed social revolutions in communication, information sharing, facts sharing and checking, and research for human beings. The future of computer science, however, is not just in how knowledge and information are shared between human beings, but how that information is processed, stored, and accessed, then built upon to invent new ideas. 

As a computer scientist, I approach problems by breaking them into small parts to assess the components, then try to rationalize the best efficient solution or best fit for the problem. As a computer scientist, I have ethical responsibilities to limit biases to the best of my abilities for my end user and the organization I represent. I also have a responsibility to create ethical solutions to problems. 
